LEGEND:
table_name: foos
file_name: foo
class_name: Foo
controller_name: foos
controller_class_path: 
controller_file_path: foos
controller_class_nesting: 
controller_class_nesting_depth: 0
controller_class_name: Foos
controller_singular_name: foos
controller_plural_name: foos

LEGEND:
table_name: customers
file_name: customer
class_name: Customer
controller_name: customers
controller_class_path: 
controller_file_path: customers
controller_class_nesting: 
controller_class_nesting_depth: 0
controller_class_name: Customers
controller_singular_name: customers
controller_plural_name: customers


LEGEND:
table_name: foos_bars
file_name: bar
class_name: Foos::Bar
controller_name: foos/bars
controller_class_path: foos
controller_file_path: foos/bars
controller_class_nesting: Foos
controller_class_nesting_depth: 1
controller_class_name: Foos::Bars
controller_singular_name: bars
controller_plural_name: bars